---
layout: post
title: "Noah Johnson Week 7"
date: 2018-11-02
---

This week in computer science we worked on the Big Idea of understanding and using functions to acomplish tasks.On monday we got a list of 15 problems that we had to make functions for. On wednesday we used a Function called Mystery to help us understand and make contracts for functions so that we can effiecently go about coding functions. Lastly on thursday we made and used contracts to help us make functions.

On monday when We got the 15 problems and started to attempt to solve some. We used pyret and our common knowledge of math to start writing functions. At first it seemed easy to write the simple functions of doubling and tripling numbers. As things advanced I had trouble on what I really needed to do 
```
check:
  double(10) is 20 
  double(20) is 40
end
fun double(x): 2 * x end
```
First I used examples to help me understand and alos to see if things were working right. If something happened that was wrong it would tell me and I could fix it. Thenit got to a point where I still didnt understand what to do. 

When I continued this on thursday after our class talk about how functions work and what contracts do i started to use contract to understand the over all inputs and expected outputs of functions. 
```
mystery :: (x :: Number)-> Number
```
This is a contract which gives the expected input and expected output to help us understand the way in which we should react with the functios and how they should react. This week i learned a tremendous amount about functions and the way they work. This sums up my week.
