---
layout: post
title: "Noah Johnson Week 8"
date: 2018-11-09
---

  This week we did a lot of work with new data types that we made using new functions and tieing data types to our new data. On monday we started to learn about new data types. On Wednesday we made new cake types and tryed to understand the overall idea of new data types.Lastly on Thursday we defined function based on dot Accessors.
  
   On monday we stared to look at the new varable types and how to make them. We used the new CakeType variable to define and creat new cakes. Much like a chart we have parameters for each variable so like colomns in a chart we have the different variables in a new data type.
    
```
   data CakeType:
  | cake(
      flavor      :: String,
      layers      :: Number,
      is-iceCream :: Boolean)
end
```
   
   You can use the data types by connecting to prexisting datqa types sauch as strings and numbers.
   
   On wednesday we started to make cakes with the new data type and we made them according to the parameters we set the day before. So we made cakes that have ice cream and ones with many layers and flavors.
   
   ```
  birthday-cake = cake("Vanilla", 4, false)
  chocolate-cake = cake("Chocolate", 8, false)
  strawberry-cake = cake("Strawberry", 4, false)
  red-velvet-cake = cake("Red Velvet", 2, true)
  grasshopper = cake("mint", 12, true) 
  steak-cake= cake("steak", 2, false)
  ```

As you see you use the new data types to make and understand what the cake is and what values it has.


On thursday we finally made a function to tell us which cake is taller using dot accessors to give us the data we need from the contract so we get the data we need in order to know which one is taller. Our hieght comes from the layers so we use 
```
fun taller-than(a-cake1, a-cake2):
  (a-cake1.layers > a-cake2.layers)
 
end
``` 
The dot accessor specifys the data we need so .layers takes the number quanity out to the number slot in the edefintion of the cake. This is what we did in APCSP this week.




 
