---
layout: post
title: "Noah Johnson Week 6"
date: 2018-10-26
---
  
  This week was an eventful and interesting week where we started work with data analysis. We worked on graphs and tables and used premade fuunction to explore the code making tables and graphs, and then made our own with shapes. On monday we got our first look at graphs and how data looks in a graph, On wednesday we made our own graphs and piecharts to make sense of pictures.Lastly on thursday we took a look at another graph that used Google drive to print it on the product.
  
  On monday we got to look at the graph made with pyret we played around in the interactions area to find out how to call the graphs function.
  ```shapes = table: name, corners, is-round,example
  row: "triangle", 3,"False",triangle(60, "solid","red")
  row: "square",   4,"False",rectangle(60,60,"solid","green")
  row: "circle", 0,"True",circle(30,"solid","blue")
  row: "rectangle",4,"false",rectangle(60,30,"solid","green")
  row: "ellipse", 0,"True",ellipse(60,30,"solid","blue")

end
```
If you called the function/table of "shapes" the graph would come up and be visable to the user. I had traouble understanding that the rows had a contract of data themselves. Data is a big over arching theme in programing because last unit we used the data of numbers and stings to create images. In this unit we use numbers and string to create rows in graphs and piecharts. It good to see that both are connected through data. 

On wednesday we programmed our own and graphs and more importanly to me we learned how to make bar and pie graphs. The reason I say that they are more important is because they present data in a better way than charts.
```
bar-chart(shapes,"name","corners")
pie-chart(shapes,"name","corners")
```
We see here that both pie and bar graphs take in a chart and needs a context from the chart (coloms) to create data points on. Graphs use data just like websites and the internet use data. They need to the context to make a tag and or function do its work. Like building graphs, in HTML we use tags hat do certain things but we also have to give the tag context to work. Wether that be numbers or stings. Again we see that things in programming are connected through data. 

Lastly on thursday we did another exploring day with a new set of graphs from google sheets pluged in to the function. This one was about animals and some of there traits.
```
animals-table = load-table: name, species, gender, age, fixed, legs, pounds, weeks
  source: shelter-sheet.sheet-by-name("pets", true)
end

```
we  see here the structur of a chart for the animals. We see that the single funtion of animals-table holds all the information in the graph because it was stored in the variable. We see this in all forms of programming form the place image function to HTML tags. We see that this connects many forms of programming when we store varibles in other variables.





