---
layout: post
title: "Noah Johnson Week 3"
date: 2018-09-21
---
 
    This week in computer science we did a lot of work with animation. Using CSS, and Pyret we did work making designs and plaing with colors to make our websites very much pleasing to the common eye. First this week we worked on color palettes and which we liked to use on our websites. Then we worked on learning HTML tags to move that code to Pyret. Next we used Pyret to study a flag and try and code it in Pyret. Lastly we cut out papers to see how building the flag in real life is like coding one. 
    
     On Monday we started talking about colors and design in the world. We worked for a little while finding a good set of colors to use for our websites. My color pattern uses the shades of blue and gray. I will use black for small lines on the website. To make sure my colors look the best I'm going to ask peers what they think. Peer review is key to the best feedback. 
     
      On Wednesday we went over a HTML document to find the tags that we know and don't know. Then from the list of tags we found we had to pick three we didn't really understand. I picked <footer></footer>, <em></em> and <a></a>. <footer> defines the context of the footer of the web page. <em> Defines the emphasized text in the web page which is a small but important thing. <a> this defines a hyper link of a web page that wants to connect to another. 
      
      On Thursday we started our work on the idea and design of flags. We went to go find a flag to use and study. Kind of our little time to be a word Mr. Allata tought us called Vexillogists, which is a person who studys flags. I chose to use the flag of Amsterdam because I thought it is a good looking flag. Anyway we used Pyret to try and put this flag together on it. No one really got far because we didnt have all the info we needed for the code. 
      
      On Friday we went to a new thought process on how to do the flag. We tlaked about how the background can be the a base for your flag and just stack the layers of stripes and colors. We started drawing and measureing the papers to make the flags on point. We used glue and paper to make the flags and think of the layers we use when coding.
